PRIVACY POLICY 
The mission of Nischal's Smart Learning Solutions Pvt. Ltd is to provide innovative and educational concepts and products to that help students and teachers have exemplary learning experience. To do this, the company aims to cultivate and value the trust of the users by practicing ethical standards in the collection, distribution, use, and safeguarding of all the information provided or collected from the users. Nischal's Smart Learning Solutions Pvt. Ltd seeks to respect and abide by the privacy policies that have been put in place in this document and the Terms of Use. We have therefore committed to transparent data collection as well as ways in which the data collected will be shared.
The Privacy Policy is subject to all those who make use of the services and products through the use of website, the mobile application and other associated products and services as managed and provided by the company. 
We request all the users to read the privacy policy to their understanding before using the application, website or any other services and products provided by Nischal's Smart Learning Solutions Pvt. Ltd. Your acceptance to use our website, application or/and any other services or products associated with Nischal's Smart Learning Solutions Pvt. Ltd or registering on the platforms will be regarded as a sign of your acceptance of this policy and the legal binding that comes with it.
If the terms and conditions of this privacy policy do not align with any of your requirements and speculations, it is advisable to not use our website, application, products, and/or services of any form until your satisfaction has been met by the required team.

Collected User Information
When you download the application and register with Nischal's Smart Learning Solutions Pvt. Ltd, the information provided is recorded in the Application, Website, and all the Services and products information records. The information provided during the registration process is generally:
Your name, gender, age, email address, phone number, passwords educational background and interests 
Transaction-related information like the download or/and use applications
We are collecting user coontacts for for giving better service to our users . We are not sharing these information to any other companies or any other third parties . We are maintaining it very securely . And we are the responsible for everything .
All the data and information you provide us when you contact us for help
It is stipulated that the information collected or provided by the users could be categorized as “Personal Information“, “Sensitive Personal Information” and “Associated Information“. All the personal, sensitive and associated information defined under this Information Technology Rules, 2011 shall collectively be referred to as “Information” in this Policy.
Nischal's Smart Learning Solutions Pvt. Ltd may use this Information to contact you from time to time, to provide you with the Services, important information, required notices and marketing promotions as curated by the company. 
Nischal's Smart Learning Solutions Pvt. Ltd will not scrutinize the use of devices by the users to access applications, website, services or products provided by the company to determine legibility provided that the login details align with your registration.
Nischal's Smart Learning Solutions Pvt. Ltd will, at all times, provide all our users with the option to withdraw all the Personal Information or Sensitive Personal Information at your convenience. The user can also while using the Application, website, Services and/or products, be able to withdraw consent that was earlier on established between the company, Nischal's Smart Learning Solutions Pvt. Ltd  and the user to be used such Personal Information or Sensitive Personal Information. To withdraw consent, the user is required by the Nischal's Smart Learning Solutions Pvt. Ltd sent in writing to company’s contact details that will be provided in this Policy below. In the occurrence of such events, Nischal's Smart Learning Solutions Pvt. Ltd will fully reserves the right to withdraw further usage of the information on the Application and/or Website or provide any further Services/products thereunder to you.

Automatically Collected Information
Besides the data submitted by the user during registration, the application and website may automatically collect certain information that include but not limited to the type of mobile device, the unique ID of the mobile device, mobile device operating system, mobile device internet browser, and any other relevant information based on the way you use the Application, website, Services and products. Nischal's Smart Learning Solutions Pvt. Ltd will collect relevant information based on the permission the user provides while using the application, website, products and services of the company.

Use of your Personal Information
Nischal's Smart Learning Solutions Pvt. Ltd will only use the collected Information to analyze trends, carry out sales and marketing strategies, conduct research, to learn about each user’s learning patterns and movements around the Application and/or Services and products and to gather demographic and psychographic information about its user base as a whole to make the deliverables customized for the audience. Institutional and individual, anonymized and non-anonymized data may periodically be transmitted to external service providers to help us improve the Application, products and its Services. Nischal's Smart Learning Solutions Pvt. Ltd will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this Policy.
Nischal's Smart Learning Solutions Pvt. Ltd may use this individual or institutional data and behavior patterns combined with personal information to provide you with personalized content that is aimed at making your learning experiences and objectives high class and better. 

The provision of this data to the third party is only carried out in the event that the said third party will help provide certain services that may be analyzed to enable the provision of personalized and insightful user experience. It is important that access the information granted by third parties doesn’t guarantee them independent rights to share this information.
Nischal's Smart Learning Solutions Pvt. Ltd does not sell, trade or rent your information to any third party unless authorization has been granted by the user to use their personal information in writing or electronically. 
Nischal's Smart Learning Solutions Pvt. Ltd may at times provide aggregate statistics about its customers and their demographics and psychographics, but only in a way that does not compromise the safety of the users’ privacy or contain individually identifiable information when disclosed.
Nischal's Smart Learning Solutions Pvt. Ltd will occasionally use the email information provided to send email notices or to communicate about its Services, products, and benefits, as they are considered an essential part of the Services and/or products you have chosen.
Nischal's Smart Learning Solutions Pvt. Ltd may only disclose this information if:

It is required by law i.e. compliance with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
It is needed to enforce applicable ToU, including investigation of potential violations thereof;
It is believed to be in good faith in a way that the disclosure is necessary to      protect its rights, your safety or the safety of others, investigate      fraud, address security or technical issues or as stipulated by the government      rules and regulations
It is aimed at protecting imminent harm to the rights, property or safety of the company      at large or its users or the public as required or permitted by law
It is said by the third-party service providers in order to provide personalized services      and/or products within the application and website to better user experience 

Any information provided that contains personal data of minors shall be deemed to have been consented to by the legal guardian as stipulated in the Terms of Use. Consent is always confirmed when an individual registers with Nischal's Smart Learning Solutions Pvt. Ltd.

Access to your Personal Information
Nischal's Smart Learning Solutions Pvt. Ltd will establish measures that will ensure that you have access to your personal information as it gets updated on its Application and websites as well as other platforms for the Services and/or products as provided by the company. 

Nischal's Smart Learning Solutions Pvt. Ltd ensures the protection of your passwords from being exposed or disclosed to anyone without consent. The password can be reset should the user have forgotten he password; however this can only be approved by the user as per standard web practices.

Cookies
Nischal's Smart Learning Solutions Pvt. Ltd send cookies to your computer or mobile device, which will help us identify the browser you are using. Cookies are essential in keeping track of your search behaviour and preferences, help you log-in faster, and aggregated to determine user trends. This helps us create and provide content that is more relatable to the audience and users.
Most of all the browsers that can be used to access our websites, products and services have been set up to accept cookies but the user has the ability to refuse cookies or reset the browser to indicate when cookies are being sent. However, disabling the cookies may cause dysfunction of the services and products offered through the application and website.

Security
Nischal's Smart Learning Solutions Pvt. Ltd is dedicated to safeguarding the confidentiality and privacy of the information. Nischal's Smart Learning Solutions Pvt. Ltd provides physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect the information of the users it processes and maintain. To ensure this, Nischal's Smart Learning Solutions Pvt. Lt provides limited access to this information to authorized employees that only need to know about the information for the sake of operation, development, or improvement of the Application, Services, products, and/ or Website. 
Disclaimer: The users should be aware that although Nischal's Smart Learning Solutions Pvt. Ltd strives to maintain high levels of stringent security for the information, they should know that no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.  

Contact Information
Nischal's Smart Learning Solutions Pvt. Ltd will address all grievances and complaints at the earliest possible opportunity through the following contact
Head Office
Nischal's Smart Learning Solutions Pvt. Ltd
5th Floor Varun Towers 1 Begumpet Hyderabad, Telangana, India
TELEPHONE: +91 77027 70711 / 12

EMAIL: contact@nsls.in

OFFICE HOURS: Mon to Sat: 09:30am - 06:30pm

